a. What are some pros/cons of Agile development?

    Pros: 
        - Lower cost to late-stage changes. AGILE uses continuous testing and incremental development so bugs and design issues 
        are discovered early and dealt with. This makes fixes smaller and cheaper compared to traditional SWE dev models where
        problems are often not found until the later stages of development - requiring major reworking.
        - Continuous testing of a working product. Each AGILE sprint delivers a testable, working version of the final product,
        allowing a SWE team to validate all functionality throughout the development stages rather than waiting until the final
        stages. 
    
    Cons: 
        - Harder to predict a final cost and timeline. AGILE allows for ongoing changes based on incremental testing and feedback,
        which in some cases makes it quite difficult to give a timeline and cost estimate in the early stages as we simply wouldn't
        know the problems and reworkings that need to happen before the final product is delivered. 
        - Harder to diagram and document throughout. With AGILE and its associated changing stories, tasks, etc, diagrams and 
        documentation can change frequently, which then need to be updated after each SPRINT. 

b. Roles and Responsibilities of Scrum Master vs. Product Owner? 

    Scrum Master: The SM is mainly responsible for facilitating the scrum process. This essentially means that they handle
    daily meetings, planning, and reviews. They also coach the team on AGILE best practices and ensure collaboration is 
    happening between the team members. I would summarize the SM's responsibilities as removing the roadblocks to success that
    a team may be facing as well as constantly asking how they can help improve the effectiveness of their team.

    Product Owner: The product owner (PO), on the other hand, is responponsible for the project's vision and communicating that 
    vision to the team. The PO will manage the product's backlog - creating, prioritizing, and refining epics/stories/tasks. They
    are responsible for answering questions such as what and why are we building (this product), serving as the voice of the
    customer in AGILE development. 

c. What are 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle? List atleast 2 points on what needs to be discussed in these.

    1. Daily Standup: Quick, daily alignment of the team.
        - What did the team work on yesterday? What do they plan on working on today? 
        - Are there any blockers or issues that need guidance or assistance? 
    2. Sprint Review: Demo of completed work and reflection of how the sprint went.
        - Demo finished features and receive feedback from stakeholders.
        - What went well, what went poorly, and what can be improved upon in the next sprint.
    3. Sprint Planning: Decide what work will be done and how it will be completed in the upcoming sprint.
        - What backlog items (stories / tasks) will be added the the sprint? 
        - Scope and prioties of the sprint?
        - What is the acceptance criteries for each item handled in the sprint? 

d. Differentiating between epics/stories/bugs/tasks in JIRA.

    Epics: The largest unit of work in a sprint that is able to be broken down into smaller units. Serves to group related stories
      together and may span multiple sprints. 

    Stories: From the customer/end user perspective, this is a feature or functionality. These should fit into a single sprint,
      approximately 1-2 weeks and are defined by their acceptance criteria. For example, if the story is "Customer wants to be
      able to reset their password", the story would be complete once this acceptance criteria/functionality has been implemented.

    Bugs: A defect or issue in existing functionality that requires fixing. The scope of this issue can vary from no-biggie to 
      detrimental based on severity and serves the purpose of fixing something that is either broken or not working as intended.

    Tasks: The smallest unit of work in a sprint - a single, specific piece of work that needs to be done, typically spanning
      less than 2 days. Tasks are generally a small step in the process and are often just a sub-step of a Story. 

      